---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


# What do YOU think about when you hear the term "open source"?
I usually think about software, but really anything that is open and free to contribute to and use with a wide variety of people working on it.
# What are some advantages of open vs. closed source?
One of the advantages of open source is that you can have lots of different people working on it without worrying about meeting up in person.
# What are some potential problems with open source?
One of the disadvantages of open source is that you have to worry about too many people working on the project and potentially getting in each others way.
# Why did you decide to register for a class about open source software development?
I decided to register for this class because I am hoping that it will help me be more comfortable in contributing to open source projects on my own

# List names of four open source projects that you regularly use or that influenced you in some way in the past; give brief descriptions for each, explain why you use it and what the alternatives might be
## Signal
The open source project that I use most often is a messaging app called Signal. It's a super secure messaging app and it's great because it's not owned by Google or Apple or Facebook so all of your messages aren't used to profile you on the internet. Some alternatives are iMessage and WhatsApp.
## Atom
Atom is my favorite text editor and also an open source project. I like how customizable it is and I use it to write most of my code. An alternative to Atom would be Sublime.
## WordPress
When I was younger and itching to build my first website I built it on WordPress. It is a website creation tool written in PHP. An alternative to this would be Wix, which is a proprietary website creation tool.
## OpenTTD
OpenTTD is an open source video game that revolves around using resources to make other goods and then distribute them to the towns and cities. Any video game that revolves around city building and trade would probably be considered an alternative to this project.
