---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---


## Your personal progress towards the team project: what have you done, what did you learn, what are the tasks that you 
will be working on next week?
Last week consisted of a lot of research for us. We really struggled to find a project that wasn't filled with aggressive
beginners snatching up all of the contributions that we thought we could do. Scikit-learn was our initial choice, which proved
to be way too hectic of an environment for us to reasonably expect to contribute. We looked at a few other projects that
seemed okay, but we didn't settle on one until a new member joined our group and suggested that we contribute to beagle. We
decided that this was definitely the right environment for us and have agreed to move forward with it. We scheduled a meeting 
time and I expect that we will spend next week installing the application and beginning to report issues and even potentially
start working on them.

## From your own point of view, what kind of people contribute to Wikipedia?
When I was younger, before I understood the concept of open source and even before I was interested in computer science, I 
thought the only people who contributed to wikipedia were internet trolls who wanted to change the information on the pages
to things that weren't true or partially true. Now, I imagine that many people who are interested in humanitarian projects 
are attracted to the offline portion of wikipedia. I also think that people who are passionate about data and information are
become interested in contributing to wikipedia.

## Do you think you might one day become a regular contributor?
I think that if this class can help me get over my imposter syndrome and fear of contributing to open source projects I think
it is definitely possible that I will become a regular contributor to many projects, including wikipedia

## How will you select the articles to contribute as part of the required contributions for this class?
I will most likely look for articles about things that I want to know more about or that I already have a lot of information
about.
