---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---


## Explain (in your own words) the difference between software development following the cathedral model and software 
development following the bazaar model; which of the two environments do you personally prefer?
The Cathedral model consists of releasing source code in waves but keeping it out of the public eye as it is developed in 
between waves. The Bazaar model is when the code is developed in the public eye and is always available for viewing. I can 
definitely see benefits to both models of development, but I think the most transparent way to do it is to use the Bazaar 
model. However, if transparency is not your goal, and you're just looking to release your source code, then the Cathedral
model is just as useful.

## The Cathedral and The Bazaar essay has 19 “lessons”. Pick two of these that you find to be the most intriguing, 
interesting, telling, or ones that you simply liked. Quote them in your blog and try to explain what they’re supposed to mean.
> Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch.
I really liked this quote. I think it means that when a developer discovers a need that they themselves want to fulfill, the 
desire behind wanting to fulfill that need makes for a really good work of software.
> Smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around.
I also particularly liked this quote, mainly because I've seen this be true in my own code. I think this lesson has a lot to 
do with the efficiency, scalability, and modularity of your code. Basically, your code runs smoother when you use the right
data structures, and it's much easier to change things or move things around in your code when you're using the proper data
structures to store the informaton.

## Comment on the discussion of free vs. open, in what way are the similar and how are they different?
Both free and open refer to very similar sets of licenses and software, but the difference between the two seems to lie in the
values associated with each term. The label "free software" generally indicates what the user can do with the software in terms
of copying, changing, and distributing it. The lable "open source software" puts more of a focus on valuing not what people can
do with the software but the community of people contributing to it.

## Your personal progress towards the team project
This week we made sure that our development environments were working properly and submitted our first two issues to the 
project. I submitted one issue under my username and I assisted in writing the other one that was submitted under Alisha's
username. We successfully got the issues accepted and assigned to us, so this week we are going to start work on those issues.
