---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Blog about at least two of the three lessons from The Cathedral and the Bazaar essay listed below (what do you think they mean and what do you think about them):
#### "Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."
I think this means that we need to be careful about adding too much to our designs of algorithms (or anything really) because
sometimes in an effort to reach perfection we end up missing it because our design becomes too messy. I like this a lot
because I am a perfectionist and therefore I am always looking to get as close to perfection as possible. It's good to remember
that sometimes perfection is about keeping things simple
#### "Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."
I think that this relates to something that was said in class this week: that you don't ever really understand a problem until
you've already tried to solve it. Once you've realized that your understanding of the problem was wrong, then you're able to 
write a much more enlightened solution
#### "When your language is nowhere near Turing-complete, syntactic sugar can be your friend."
This is the lesson that I understand the least. I think what it means is that when you're writing in a language that's difficult
for humans to understand, it's super helpful to include a lot of syntactic sugar so that you know what you're doing. Assuming
that's the meaning of it, I think it's something I do quite often. I love having lots of comments in my code, not so much for
someone who may one day read my code, but so that I know what I'm doing, especially when the language is hard to understand

## Talk about one of the lessons from The Cathedral and the Bazaar essay that you liked the most and that resonated with you the most (why is it important to you)
#### Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch.
This is my favorite quote because I think I often get bogged down with trying to scratch other developer's itches, and I have 
trouble finding my own. And then, if I am able to find my own personal itch, I have trouble figuring out how to go about
scratching it. So, I think this is an important thing for me to remember as I go through my career as a software engineer.

## Blog about your personal progress towards the team project: what have you done, what did you learn, what are the tasks that you will be working on next week
This week I fixed some grammatical and spelling issues in the documentation in our project. They were small edits, but I think
it's helping us gain some creidibility with the person managing the project. Next week we will work on some code contributions.
